docs: clarify exec endpoint usage in http (#5202)
jina-ai/jina: docs/fundamentals/gateway/index.md

        - fine-tuning
```
````

However, if you want to send requests to a different Executor endpoint, you can still do it without exposing it in the HTTP endpoint, by sending an HTTP request to the `/post` HTTP endpoint while setting  
`execEndpoint` in the request.

```text
curl --request POST \
'http://localhost:12345/post' \
--header 'Content-Type: application/json' -d '{"data": [{"text": "hello world"}], "execEndpoint": "/foo"}'
```

> this would be equivalent to passing the `on` parameter to `client.post` like:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The above cURL command is equivalent to passing the `on` parameter to `client.post` as follows:
```

```python

> from jina import Client, DocumentArray, Document

Reviewer: Should we be importing everything from `jina` or some from `docarray?`

Author: I like `docarray` good point
